Hey, everyone, I thought it would be a great idea to give you all a short, quick demo of what we're
going to build before we get into it.
So here is the meals to go up.
And this is the app that we will be building throughout this section and adding on to as we go into
the bonus section.
And as you can see here, the Happy Watermelon is happy to see you.
Now, when we log in to meals to go, what are we going to be greeted with is this amazing, beautiful
login screen with which we will get state management as well as air handling and all of that good stuff
in between and over here is the main focus of the app.
This is the restaurant screen, extremely aesthetically pleasing, as well as having the ability to
search different cities to get us different results of restaurants that we can utilize, building out
their star rating, showing their address, their name, even going so far as to show a detailed screen
and put in a checkout flow with which we can process payments.
And by filling out the name here, we pull up the credit card review and by pulling out the credit card
view, we can fill in credit card information, handle error states do try to do a payment, handle
the error, states, clear the card, go over to the map.
You look at the same exact information we had and have the ability here to zoom in and look at things
from a closer perspective.
And that way, we can show the restaurant's view in a different state, as well as having a settings
panel that has access to be able to render your camera, of course, on the simulator here, you're
not able to see my camera and building out the logout feature.
So with all of these features, what we're aiming to do is give you the broadest possible ability to
build a fully featured app that mimics what you will see in real life and helps you learn how to structure
code as well in a production grade way.
So let's get into building meals to go.